About this file
  This file is a very loose plan for designing boomerang, as seen by
  Mike Van Emmerik.

Module Loader
  Interface as per UQBT's BinaryFile.h. Only change is to add
  the "construct" call to the derived classes, so that they can be
  called by name. It would be nice to make it work with BFD one day.

Module Frontend
  Calls Loader to load the file; Decoder to decode each instruction
  Don't think this module should deal with finding entry point(s)
  Methods:
    initDecode(Native entryPoint)
      At this stage, assume it is only called once, to start the whole
      decoding process off. No information to be saved. Recursively
      analyses callees. May need to pass callbacks or send messages or
      something so the GIU can know of its progress.
    extraDecode(Native address)
      Used when an additional code address is found. For example, the
      target of a register jump (as found by expert, or analysis other
      than the standard switch analysis). Is aware of exising code; just
      decodes all code reachable from this newly established code address.

Module Decoder
  Decode one instruction to IR. Direct access to database? Probably not; just
  return a list of expressions.
  It would be nice to have something like this:
    Method:
      decodeOneInstr(Native address)
  but in reality it looks like it will just be the decodeInstruction function
  in the machine/<arch>/decoder.m file.

Module RegJump
  Switch table analysis. Does NOT modify database.
  Method:
    analyseRegJump(Native address)
      Returns some sort of struct with all the information about the switch:
      number of entries, their addresses, some sort of information that will
      allow the "switch variable" to be identified

Module RegCall
  Similar to the above, except looks for vtable patterns, and tries to find
  definitions for the object. Maybe better to just replace dispatch code with
  some kind of HLCall, and do a *separate* search for vtables in the data
  section, but that won't find which object is associated with which vtable
  dispatcher. Also try to find candidate targets for general function pointer
  calls (in some cases will just flag as a problem for human analysis).

Module DB (database)
  Various requirements. Main one is semantics; we want to associate a list of
  expressions (class Exp, a tree version of SemStr with assignments and
  perhaps something for flags).
  I'd like to use less IR classes, e.g. eliminate class RT; assignments
  can be just Exp's with idAssign as the top level operator. The equivalent
  of UQBT's RTlist (later replaced with HRTL) might be ExpList, a list of
  pointers to expressions (pointers to avoid copying objects). ExpList would
  be the base class for all the High Level RTL classes, such as HLJump etc.
  I see no reason to change those.
  The equivalent of FLAGCALL RTs could be put into Exp's themselves; it seems
  to me that flags are part of the semantics of an expression. E.g. this Exp
  adds its operands, and it sets the flags. A lot of temporary variable copying
  can be avoided if we assume that the inputs and outputs of the expression
  are also the inputs to the flag function. The decompiler itself won't be
  using the details of flag behaviour, but I think it's important that the
  IR be detailed enough to be used for things other than the decompiler.
  After all, we can save the IR to a GXL (or other file) and use that file
  for all sorts of purposes, perhaps emulation which will require flag details.
  The flag information could be as simple as an optional parameter for the
  idAssign operator, which somehow indicated the name of a flag function, e.g.
  SUBFLAGS32. I'm not sure where the definition of these functions should be
  stored; in a sense, these are constants for a given target (input architect-
  ure), and so may not need to be in the database at all. In the rare cases
  when the operands to the flag function don't correspond to the operands of
  any Exp, then we have to copy operands to temps (as before) and engineer an
  Exp with the required operands.

  The other main requirement of the database is for what might be called
  decompilation state. These keep information about each source address, e.g.
  whether code or data, operands are pointers or not, decimal/hex/other
  representation, etc. These come from two main sources: analysis, and from
  user commands (may even override the result of analysis).

Module DataFlow
  Purpose: perform a complete data flow for the whole program. Separate
  method to perform forward substitution.

Module Backend
  Purpose: output language dependent module to emit high level code.

Module Xform
  Purpose: Manage all the transformations between the decoder and the back
  end. Has the ability to disable, move, add, and undo transformations,
  such as inlining one RTL into another.

=====
File organisation

Each module, apart from the main executable, will have all associated
files in its own subdirectory. This will be flat, e.g. don't put decoder
inside frontend, because in the end it gets too hard to decide where to
put any one module (and where someone else has already put a module).
Each module directory will have a makefile which will make the module
and a test program for that module. The output of the test program should
be obvious; at least it must return non zero if any test fails, and
error messages should go to stderr. Most of the time, stdout can be
ignored for the test programs. (I'd like to do something with CppUnit
for unit (individual class) testing).

The interface to other modules should be via a file in ../interface. Other
internal header files are not in a special directory (so no /include as in
UQBT). Most compiles will therefore need "-I../interface". Note: it appears
that the Unix convention is to put all .h files into /include, as with UQBT. If
we do this, it may be worth distinguishing interface classes with a naming
convention.

All dynamic libraries will be files ending in ".so" in their own directory
(so they can do things like "rm -f *.so" in their "make clean" entries.
Each Makefile will have a "make install" entry, which makes soft links
from the /bin directory (/bin relative to the top level boomerang directory).
To run the programs, users may need to add "/path/to/boomerang/bin" to
their LD_LIBRARY_PATH. Maybe a future installer will do this automatically.

